hey what's up everybody it's a slimy
2303 from kicks on court calm today I
just wanted to go over not really
anything in particular that's important
however I just wanted to go over
something real quick and then given the
opportunity to anybody out there that
does sneaker videos whether it be
performance reviews or reviews whatever
it is so basically there's a few people
or channels that are featured on my
website it's part of what i call the
kicks on court family and you know
there's myself there's cake genius as
well as Randy booker I do the
performance reviews obviously and i run
the site and i'll make all the posts and
all that stuff right everything and all
that kind of good stuff and then kick
genius as their performance tests which
are awesome and Randy Booker's like the
training and drills and a lot of stuff
like that's what he does so but there's
a lot of people that email me on a daily
basis that ask like how they can be a
part of the case my court family they
don't really have any idea what they
have in mind because I don't ever really
think about it I'm not out there
scouting for talent or anything like
that that literally approached me say
hey we want to be on the cyclone ball
this stuff but then then they literally
don't have either channel I don't have
any content or the content that they do
have it's just not something that I
would put on my site as I don't know I
just like the stuff that I want on my
side just like I want it to be really
particular and things like that so it's
not a disc towards anybody it's just for
professional reasons I wanted a certain
way now that limits potential and all
that kind of stuff however I do want to
extend an offer to anybody that's out
there that might want to be interested
in possibly growing their channel by
using kicks on court calm my site as a
platform to do so basically I want to do
kicks on court spotlight videos where
you approach me if you want your channel
to be spotlighted I'd like to have one
person a week one channel a week
whatever it is and I'll give you a list
of questions that I want
you know kind of go through in a video
you upload that video and i will post
that video on my site it will hopefully
direct people that you know are
interested in watching your stuff on to
your channel and giving you a
subscription that does not guarantee you
anything because what a lot of people
don't understand is that with YouTube
content that someone might be interested
in that is what they'll subscribe to you
for they might be interested in comedy
so those are subscribed to a comedy
channel performance reviews sneaker
reviews maybe they're just in a drama
like not good drama like acting drama
I'm talking about just like beefing and
stuff like that so they'll subscribe to
a certain person because that person
always gets into with people and things
like that so if these people want to
subscribe to your channel then they will
subscribe your channel you can't bake
them to subscribe to your channel
however i can offer you just a way to
kind of put yourself out there that way
people at least know about you so that
they have more of an option to subscribe
to you or not so I'm not guaranteeing
that you'll get a lot of subscriptions
but I am guaranteeing that a lot of
people at least see you and then leave
it up to them and basically your content
what I'd like your content to be for
that particular video is something a
little personal a lot of people do like
my reviews but I understand that they
like some of that personal stuff also
I'd like to know who the person is and
things like that so basically I'd be
asking you some questions you'd be going
over that in the video and I'd be
spotlighting that on my website so if
anybody's interested in that just let me
know do not personal message me or
direct message me here on YouTube
because there's so many like there's
like spam and then people just sending
messages to said like that's where I
don't even look at that like inbox so
what you want to do is you go to my
sidekicks on-court comm link is going to
be in the description box below and
there's a contact page contact me there
and make sure that the subject matter is
kicks on court spotlight so if anybody's
interested in trying to grow their
channel I'm interested in trying to help
you out so hopefully that is something
that a lot of you guys are interested in
just because I do
a lot of those emails and again I'd like
to help you I just can't I just don't
see here guys it's tough being something
that i keep on the site however i would
like to help you out at least by kind of
like just pointing people in your
direction letting people know that you
do exist so that's pretty much it so if
you are interested go ahead and hit the
contact button on my website kicks on
court calm and that's pretty much all i
wanted to go over so also i did reach
50,000 subscribers recently i know i
went over this in a different video but
just as a face to face kind of thank you
really like thank you like it really
means a lot to me and without all of
this stuff like like I mean I literally
have opportunities now so you know like
besides like just working 40 hours a
week I have different opportunities
which is really really nice and I get to
do something that I'm passionate about
so um I really love it so thank you guys
very much so that's pretty much it and
hopefully I'll talk to some of you guys
soon so until next time have a good one